[17.0][MIG] website_crm_quick_answer: Migration to version 17.0 (#1084)
OCA/website: website_crm_quick_answer/README.rst

    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fwebsite-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/website/tree/17.0/website_crm_quick_answer
    :alt: OCA/website
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/website-17-0/website-17-0-website_crm_quick_answer
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/website&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module was written to extend the functionality of the website
contact form to support sending the interested contact an automatic
welcome email and allow you to customize it.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

1. Have the action of the submit button on the website contact form
   configured to create a new opportunity.

> 2. Go to **Settings > Technical > Automation > Automated actions > Quick
>    response to website contact form** and edit anything there.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ddaadc9f-9293-46d8-baa4-277eb67963e5)

```suggestion
2. Go to **Settings > Technical > Automation > Automation Rules > Quick
   response to website contact form** and edit anything there.
```

Author: thanks!
